I'm sorry for taking so long to come to you,
I'll never let you go again,
What are you thinking about?
A lot happened today,
I have a lot on my mind,
You haven't changed your mind yet, have you?
No,
I really don't want to go home today,
I want to go somewhere where no one knows me,
You mother will be worried,
Especially if she finds out that you are with me,
No, she will never find out,
She was probably too busy fighting with those people,
She's really energetic,
I'll choose,,,
a destination then,
Okay,
I don't care where it is as long as we can be together,
Yeon Ju,
- Yeon Ju, - Wait a minute,
Wait, Mrs, Yang,
Why are you searching for your daughter here?
Yeon Ju, come out right now,
Excuse me? I don't know who you are,
But what are you doing at this hour in someone else's home?
Can't you see anything from wearing sunglasses in the night?
Don't you recognize me?
Oh, my, Mrs, Yang,
What happened?
I'll be straight, so give me straight answers,
Are you sure Yeon Ju's not here?
Yes, I'm sure,
Whoever's daughter it is, there's no daughter here,
Then is Dr, Lee home?
No, Why?
I'm sure,,,
Dr, Lee abducted my daughter,
Abduct?
Oh, my goodness,
Did you say abduct?
It's your smell,
My smell? What do I smell like?
Pretty,
Pretty? Why?
Because you're going to be my mom,
Do you want me to be your mom?
Yes,
You're going to get sick, Come out now,
Dad, Come in, Hurry up,
Yes, Come in,
I surrender! I surrender!
So Won,
So Won! So Won!
So Won,,,
Yeon Ju, Yeon Ju!
Did you have a nightmare?
Don't you ever go anywhere without me, Never,
I told you,
I won't let you go now for anything,
But where are we?
It's where you wanted to go,
From now on, it's going to be just the two of us,
No, it's going to be three of us,
Here, Have some cold water,
Try to calm down,
What do you mean my nephew, So Won,
abducted his ex-wife? What nonsense is that?
Ma'am, don't provoke me,
Listen to me very carefully,
Yeon Ju was in a meeting with her future husband's family,
At the restaurant where the meeting was held,
your nephew which is your son came into the room,
He intruded on us,
I saw with my own eyes that he grabbed my daughter's hand,,,
and took her with him,
What? "A meeting with her future husband"?
She's already about to get married?
My gosh, what a world we live in,
She got a divorce not so long ago, She's already dating another guy?
Goodness, how could this make sense?
Seriously? You aren't so bright, Mr, Unemployed,
Why are you digressing now?
The point here is,,,
not about Yeon Ju's meeting with her future husband,
She was in the meeting,
but your son, Dr, Lee,
intruded on the meeting, grabbed my daughter,
and ran away!
He abducted her!
Excuse me,
My nephew isn't a criminal,
As if saying "he intruded" isn't enough,
now you're saying he abducted your daughter?
If what you're telling me is true, go to the police!
Sister of Mr, Unemployed, listen carefully,
I came here instead of going to the police,
so he won't have a criminal record,
Either tell me where he is or bring my daughter,
Goodness, you're unbelievable,
Old lady with a black hat,
Why would So Won abduct a divorcee?
What would he gain from that?
The ladies are still chasing after him,
Let me assure you,
He has no feelings left for Yeon Ju, Go somewhere else, and look,
- Please leave, - No, no,
I won't move an inch from here until you bring me my daughter,
Oh, my goodness,
Ma'am, put your feet down,
Why are you putting your feet on my table? Get them off,
- I won't, - Put them down,
- I won't, - Put them down!
- No! - Put them down!
- No! - This is my table, old lady!
- How dare you put your feet up? - I won't put them down!
- How dare you! - Look at you,
- You're hitting me! - Goodness!
- Go ahead, and hit me, - When did I hit you?
- When did I hit you? - You scumbag!
- Go to your house, - No, I won't move my feet!
- Unbelievable, - I won't put them down!
- Dear me, - Bring me my daughter,
She's out like a light,
It must have been a long day for a six-year-old,
Do you know Han Gyul never treated me differently just like her name?
When she first showed up, I thought she was ruining my relationship,
so I hated her for no good reason,
But she didn't hate me despite that,
I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, Yeon Ju,
Do you not hate her anymore?
I don't think that's possible,
She's the spitting image of you,
You know that I really like your face,
I'm glad that you find me attractive,
And besides, I'm really grateful to her,
She was the one who brought you and me together,
From now on, it's time for me to love her dearly,
Here,
When she had to draw her mom, she drew you,
She's at the age when she needs her mom the most,
but because she grew up without one,
it seems that she's really taken with you,
I can be a good mother for her, right?
You said this yourself,
You said no one was a mother from beginning,
Let's take one step at a time,
Thank you, Yeon Ju,
I'm grateful too,
Thank you for not running away and coming back to me,
Warm up a bit,
and come down when you're ready,
So Won,
Why are you surprised?
No, I'm not,
Did you prepare this for me?
You had a tough day today, You were nervous too,
Try to relax while you enjoy the spa that you like,
You haven't forgotten that I like spa?
How could I?
We fought the whole time on our honeymoon because I hated it,
Here,
What is that for?
Your mother is probably worried, Give her a call,
I'll call my dad too,
She's going to throw a fit,
Goodness, even the refrigerator is dirty,
I get that only men live in this house now, but,,,
my goodness!
What is all this? Look at this, How dirty,
Gosh, I'm beat,
Hold on a second, I didn't even have a dinner,
I can't raise my right arm, I must have used it too much for the fight,
Yeon Ju, Goodness,
Oh, dear,
How can I sleep when you are here?
You're stressing out my brother,
Please go home!
I want to go home too!
So go find your nephew and bring him to me,
He came to the family meeting with the future husband,,,
and left holding hands with Yeon Ju,
Do you really think I'd agree to that?
Of course not, We should draw a line between public and private matters,
Shut the mouth, Shut it,
You have some nerve,,,
speaking English with that poor pronunciation,
Do you think I have poor English skills?
No one ever said that to me,
I have poor English skills?
Gosh, don't ever say that to me,
"Shut the mouth" isn't pronounced like that,
It's "mouth",
Repeat, "Mouth",
"Mouth",
Yeon Ju, where are you?
I had a lot on my mind, so I came here to get some fresh air,
Don't worry about me, You should go to sleep,
Hey! Do you want me to die of frustration?
You know how upset I am,
Are you with Doctor Lee?
Where are you? Where are you?
Hello?
Hello? Gosh, she hung up,
(So Won)
So Won?
Hello? Is this So Won?
It's your aunt,
Where are you?
Aunt? Are you in Korea?
I had a lot on my mind, so I needed some fresh air,
I'll see you when I go home,
Wait, Wait,
Are you with your ex-wife?
You're not, right? You're alone, right?
So Won! So Won!
See? See? They went somewhere together,
They called us at the same time,
Don't you see?
He said he had a lot on his mind,,,
and that he needed a little rest,
What? Yeon Ju told me that she had a lot on her mind,,,
and that she needed some fresh air,
They're telling the same story,
Gosh, they're driving me crazy,
I'm going to kill him!
The phone is turned off, Please leave a message after the beep,
You scum! I'm going to kill Doctor Lee!
Oh, no,
My goodness,
Gosh, my hand hurts, Gosh, it's killing me,
Why is this egg so hard?
What is it?
Are you still feeling cold?
Drink this tea, It'll make you feel warmer,
Why?
You like hot water, right?
Do you want me to raise the water temperature?
No, it's just that I'm so happy,
I can't believe I'm here standing next to you,,,
and staring at your face,
Just a few hours ago,
I thought we were already over,
So it feels like a dream to me that we are here together,
It's not,
Do you want me to pinch you?
No,
Do you know why I was so surprised?
Is it because you were impressed?
You know I had a dream on the way here, right?
I was surprised because I dreamed about this place,
In that dream, I was playing with Han Gyul and you here,,,
in this pool when I woke up,
How is it possible that I dreamed about this exact place?
It must be a precognitive dream,
I heard everyone has a precognitive dream once in their life,
Why do we have such dreams? It's so strange,
When people are focused on a thing, or if they want something badly,
their brainwaves get tangled up and have precognitive dreams,
Right, I saw a place like this on television,,,
and thought it'd be nice to go there with you and Han Gyul,
My dream came true today,
It was your dream? It's nothing much,
It's not nothing,
I'm happy when I'm with you,
Whatever we do, however we live,
and whatever we eat, I'm happy,
What's wrong?
You're so pretty,
Am I pretty?
I'm so thankful,,,
that I can be with you,
I'm so happy to have you by my side as well,
- Happy birthday to you! - Happy birthday to you!
Eun Byul!
I'm going to work, Aren't you going to your academy?
What's wrong?
Mom and Dad have been getting along,
They're not fine,
Woo Joo, have you heard of fake marriages?
They're pretending to like each other because of us,
How do you know that?
I peeped into their room last night,,,
just in case,
and it's just as I thought,
I don't think so,
Are you already awake?
Yes, the kids always barge into our room,
I didn't want them to know that we sleep separately,
You should've slept on the bed, I don't mind,
You still don't like me,
I don't want to make you uncomfortable,
By the way, why did you have a hard time sleeping?
Is it because of Tae Yang?
I think he's been caught up by someone spiteful,
I met her and persuaded her yesterday,
She said that it's already over,
but then, Tae Yang came in right away,
I think she's just pretending not to meet him,
Don't you think that maybe,,,
we have a misunderstanding?
Everything we know now is what Joo Ae Ri told us,
Maybe we should go and check with Lee Ru Ri and Tae Yang,
I'm not foolish enough to trust Joo Ae Ri's words blindly,
I've heard and seen everything,
I've seen her hit and threaten in the elevator,,,
and heard the hotel manager's testimony,
What more do I need?
I,,,
trust my son more than Joo Ae Ri,
He has been seeing her for a while,
He's not that naive to be fooled by someone,,,
that he's been seeing for that long,
That's why she's a scary person,
I'll stop Woo Joo from working so that he can't meet her,
Woo Joo! Woo Joo!
He went to work,
What?
- I'll go visit him, - All right,
Where's my phone?
I can't find it,
Gosh,
Mom, you're scaring me,
What? Why am I scaring you?
Gosh, what's the matter with me?
Hello?
Hello, sir,
Are you leaving now?
You should come out fast,
Are you in front of my house?
Sure, I'll go right down,
The boss is here to fetch us,
Let's go downstairs,
You're so popular,
Well, if I can't be happy, at least you should be,
Cheer up, I told you,,,
that the truth works,
Let's go,
Hello, sir,
- It's been a while, Ru Ri, - Yes,
It's so cold outside, You didn't have to come here to get me,
My husband keeps telling me,,,
to not receive any favors from you,
That's why I'm here,
You don't have to ride my car from now on, Drive your own car,
My car?
Press it,
Mom,
Boss,
I told you that,,,
I'll buy you whatever present you need,
I can't receive a gift like this,
What did I do to receive this?
What are you talking about?
You're the major reason for the successful 700-million-dollar deal,
Actually, this kind of incentive isn't enough,
Just think of this as a company car, and don't feel uneasy,
That will make me feel relieved,
Why isn't Woo Joo picking up the phone?
I'm going to oppose this marriage no matter what happens,
I came here to ask you to stay away from Tae Yang,
Don't worry,
Things went wrong because of Han Gyul's birth mother,
I explained it to your father to make him understand,
He will resolve this problem,
That's not the only problem,
Tae Yang's mother also really hates me,
What?
How could she hate you when she hasn't seen you yet?
Why does she hate you when she doesn't know you?
That's why I'm more afraid,
There isn't a reason for her hatred, She just hates me because I'm me,
There's no solution but to break up with him then,
So, are you really going to break up with him like this?
The more I hold out,
the harder it will get for other people,
We aren't open yet,
- Follow me, - Why?
I told you to quit right away,
I also told you,
I won't quit without any reason,,,
just because you said so,
There is a reason,
There is a reason why you should never work here,
- Let's go, Follow me, - What is it?
What is the reason why I should never work here?
Listen carefully,
The manager that you like so much,,,
is Lee Ru Ri's mom,
She's the mom of the girl whom Tae Yang should never marry,
She comes here frequently,
It's enough that your brother has associated with such lowly people,
Do you now understand why you shouldn't be here?
Mom, that's not fair,
Hello,
I'm sorry for making a ruckus early in the morning,
Get your things and come out,
I'll wait in the car,
You can't leave like this,
You just called my daughter lowly,
I need an explanation,
- Mom, - Be quiet,
You're a fool if you don't do anything after hearing that,
Tell me, What did my daughter do to be called lowly?
You also have children,
so you won't say that easily to other people's children,
Do you have any proof that my daughter is lowly?
Yes, you're right,
My children are precious to me,
So I don't say such things easily to other people's children,
But let me ask you one thing,
How well do you think you know your daughter?
Do you think that the side you know is her everything?
What about you?
How much do you know about my daughter?
I don't know how many times you have met my daughter,
but I had my daughter inside my belly for 10 months,,,
and raised her for 30 years,
Do you think that you know better about my daughter?
Sometimes if you're too close,
you can't see the true side of a person,
People who are one step away,,,
can see better,
You wanted me to give you proof of why your daughter is lowly,
Because of your daughter, someone almost died,
and they broke off an engagement,
Did you know that?
Lee Ru RI, I don't want to explain these dirty deeds,
Tell her yourself,
Tell her why you got fired from the Guam resort last year,,,
and why the general manager sent a video of an apology,,,
groveling to a woman,
She'll understand,,,
what kind of person you are then,
Mom,
What does she mean?
What happened in Guam to make you so quiet and let her do that to you?
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Why are you doing this?
I understand now,
That explains everything,
That's why she acted like that,,,
and Tae Yang's parents are opposing me so much,
This is ridiculous,
What are you talking about? Explain it to me so I can understand,
Why are they opposing?
It's all because of Joo Ae Ri,
She fell in the water after we fought when we were in Guam,
She dramatized that incident,
Not only that, she bullied me,,,
to break us up,
She's even making Tae Yang's parents side against us,
Wait a minute, Joo Ae Ri?
Isn't she the adopted daughter of the chairman?
The chairman wanted them to marry, right?
That's right, That's her,
I don't know why she hated me, but she always bullied me,
Are you saying that Tae Yang's parents,,,
don't know about her true side?
I'm going to reveal it from now on,
You just wait,
Everyone will find out what Joo Ae Ri is really like,
My sister and I couldn't sleep,,,
because of that old lady,
She is really ignorant,
Wait a minute,
Did Han Gyul come back?
She would've gone through a lot of trouble in the cold with her dad,
Gosh,
She's here,
Han Gyul, when did you come back?
She's sound asleep,
Okay, get some more sleep,
You're growing so fast day after day,
You're so adorable,
Han Gyul?
- Gosh, What is this? - Oh, my,
Did you slap my behind?
- No, I thought you were,,, - Hey,
Even if you miss a woman because you graduated from your marriage,,,
and even if our children divorced,
we used to be in-laws,
This family is so vulgar,
- Gosh, - Old lady, look,
Even if I'm old, I'm not deaf, Calm down,
We'll get in trouble if people know about this,
Okay, let's stop talking about this,
I don't want to answer you because it's ridiculous,
Let me say this one more time,
So Won has no relation at all,,,
with Yeon Ju, I guarantee that,
So leave my house,
- Sister? - What are you doing?
- Sister? - Why?
This old lady is still here,
- She didn't leave yet, - My goodness,
- Gosh, - She's still here,
I can't leave until I find my daughter,
Please leave,
My brother's sick, He has to rest,
Leave now before I call police for breaking in,
Get out of here,
- Fine, - Get out,
(Paju U-Key Pension, 500 dollars, Ha Yeon Ju)
- Just a moment, - What?
Mr, Unemployed, Aunt,
Get ready to go out,
I found where they are,
What if it's not? How are you going to be responsible?
I'll pay 10,000 dollars in cash,
I'll give you 10,000 US dollars,
- Gosh, - Hurry up and get ready,
Stop talking nonsense,
Leave now,
- Leave so that I can get changed, - That's what I mean,
Hurry up and get changed,
- Come on, - I can't until you leave,
Get out of here,
Where did you go?
I extended for one more day,
Let's stay here for one more day and go back tomorrow,
Do you like it here that much?
It's not about the place,
I don't want to go back to the reality,
The reality?
You helped me realize that the Harvard guy is a conman,
but Mom wouldn't let us get back together so easily,
It won't be easy to change her mind,
I don't want to,,,
argue with her again,
What if you run away again?
I won't run away,
How do you know?
Are you sure now?
That's hardly enough,
How about now?
Come on,
Now it's enough,
What are you two doing?
I want to join you,
Come here, Han Gyul,
Yeon Ju loves you, but it's a secret,
I told you not to tell anyone,
It's a secret, You should never say it,
I told you not to say it,
Mr, Kim, Are you sure,,,
you're going to the right place?
Don't worry, We're almost there,
Don't go anywhere, You must stay in the car,
When I call you, you must rush in,
and if Yeon Ju refuses to go,
you must carry her to the car,
Yes, ma'am,
Goodness,
Your 30-year-old daughter isn't a child,
She went out to get some fresh air because she has a lot on her mind,
Why are you so anxious to drag her home?
Why do you think I'm doing this?
I'm agitated because your nephew,,,
flirted with my daughter,,,
and made her go blind,
Why is your mouth so filthy?
Watch your language, You sound ignorant,
If So Won's not there,
how will you compensate the mental distress,,,
that my ill brother had to suffer?
In that case, I will,,,
dance in front of the Statue of King Sejong in Gwanghwamun,,,
in my underwear,
How are you so confident?
That's not compensation, That's a torture,
Terrorism to my eyes,
Anyway, let's see what happens,
Welcome,
Shut the mouth,
Someone under the name of Ha Yeon Ju or Lee So Won checked in last night,
Check which room they're staying in,
- Pardon? - The woman is tall,,,
and has big eyes,
They have a small girl around the age of 5 or 6,
The man's dandy,
Three of them stayed here, Check their room number,
It's the customer's privacy, I can't tell you,
Call that room now,
Her ignorant mom is here,
Yes, One second please,
I'm sorry, I think they are out at the moment,
They left?
It's lunch time, You should check the restaurant,
Where's the restaurant?
Han Gyul, You're eating way too much,
You'll get sick,
It's fine, Ru Ri's nickname is four servings,
She's also four servings,
I'm not four servings,
Grandpa said five servings,
Gosh, I told you, Those kids,
Her mother was worried all night,
Look how happy they are,
Shin Mo said they were completely over,
When did they get so close?
Don't stop me, I'll kill those kids today,
Hold on,
You don't even bother dogs when they're eating,
They're enjoying their meal,
Let's leave them until they finish eating,
No, I should,,,
- Don't, - No,
I'm so nervous,
My heart doesn't calm down,
It's weird that my premonition never misses,
What should I do with them? Gosh,
Here,
Okay,
That jerk's doing everything he can,,,
to seduce my daughter,
Stop swearing, I want to hear what they say,
Stop it, I can't help it,
Your family looks very happy,
They're not a family,
It's a new year's event, Grab a fortune cookie,
Han Gyul, Pick one,
I want this one,
Here, Dad,
Okay,
What does it say?
When you have a lot in your mind,
think of the happiest moment,
It'll give you energy to love,
When was your happiest moment?
What about you?
Now that I think about it,
I think I was always happy,
When I was young,
even though we were not wealthy,
my mom let me do everything I wanted,
Mom always says this,
She loves me the most,
and she's willing to give her heart to me,
So in my 32 years of life,
I was really happy thanks to my mom,
but I'm happiest when I'm with you,
It's something Mom can never give me no matter how much she loves me,
I finally get it,
I'm supposed to stay next to you,
and you give me,,,
the reason to live,
Goodness,
Mrs, Yang,
Hold on,
- Mrs, Yang, - Let me go,
Why would you just leave?
You have to take your daughter,
You heard her,
I said no,
I said no at the risk of my life, but listen to what she said,
She smacked my heart,
That's,,,
You saw them too,
She said she has to stay with Dr, Lee,
and she can't live without him,
I said no,
Gosh, Can you believe it?
She's not my daughter anymore,
So if you want, you take her,
You can let her marry your nephew or even make her your daughter,
- Do as you want, - Wait,
Sit down and calm down,
Let me go,
I understand,,,
how you feel,
- I,,, - I heard you were widowed,,,
when you were young,,,
and that only thing you had was your daughter,
But now that her life isn't working out,
you must be feeling angry,
If you know all that, how can you let that happen?
She was tempted by a man,,,
and was heading into a fiery pit,
so I tried to get another man to prevent it,
But he turned out to be a conman as well,
After all that,
I don't know what to do,
She's like my life to me,
and she's heading to a difficult path,
How can I let that happen?
Mrs, Yang,
I learned that there are some things that I can't change,,,
even if I try,
It's wrong to think that we can do something,,,
to change our children's lives,
Shin Mo had So Won marry your daughter so that he can have,,,
a comfortable life,
But he made him go through such hardship in the end,
I realized only recently,,,
that when children grow up,
we need to let them go their ways,
I wanted to educate my children,
so I went abroad after quitting my job as a teacher,
After going through a lot of trouble,
I helped my two sons become doctors,
I thought they'd have a comfortable and good life,
But they refused all that,
One quit his job in pursuit of religion,
and the other went to Sudan to build wells as a volunteer,
They quit their jobs as doctors?
It wasn't easy for me to accept,
I couldn't forgive them,
My husband suffered a lot,,,
and died,,,
from cancer,
That's when I realized,,,
that if they want something,
we need to just watch them go that way,,,
even if that means they're going to ruin their lives,
I know, but what are we to do?
It's tearing me apart,
How can I just watch that happen?
That's what parents do, We can't do anything about that,
Turn around, Turn around,
You should turn around me,
Let's go the other way,
You told me to prove that your daughter isn't good enough, right?
Someone nearly died because of her,,,
and broke off an engagement,
Excuse me, Woo Joo,
I'm sorry, but could I have your mom's number?
What are you going to do?
I think I'll have to meet her,
I think she must have misunderstood me,
I want to tell her the truth,
Wait a moment,
Mom, just wait a moment,
Thanks,
Hello, it's Ru Ri,
I want to talk to you about something,
Do you have time?
I'm sorry, but I have nothing more to hear from you,
Bye,
I,,,
Don't you think that's too harsh?
What do you mean?
Everyone sees things from their own perspectives,
So you need to hear both sides,
You don't need to care about Tae Yang's marriage,
What do you mean?
Do you mean I can't care now that he's found his biological father?
Jung Do,
Let me just say one thing,
He's just known Tae Yang for a few months,
But I've seen him since he was a student,
If you make him unhappy,,,
by trying to engage in his marriage,
I won't let you slide,
Are you serious?
Do you think we're trying to make him unhappy?
You should try to help him escape from the grasp,,,
of that spiteful woman,
Do you mean getting him married to Joo Ae Ri by helping him?
I didn't want to say this,
but I'm suspicious of her,
Have you heard of Eun Byul's story?
What do you mean? What did she say?
Eun Byul! Eun Byul!
I heard everything,
Mom, Joo Ae Ri is really suspicious,
After seeing this photo, she kept asking me questions,
She asked me who you were and why you had this photo,
She would have known that Chairman Kevin was his father,
Why didn't she tell him until now?
If she's so caring towards Kevin, she should have told him before,
That's suspicious enough,
Is this true?
Are you working on holidays too?
Father,
I came to work so that you could take a rest,
Why did you come here?
I told him that you could take care of everything,
He wanted to see you so much,
It felt stuffy to stay at home,
You should take Ae Ri on a date on a day like this,
Gosh, Dad,
He has a lot on his mind, You shouldn't say that,
Haven't you gotten over her?
Give me some time,
I want to resolve your misunderstanding,
I can't let you do this,
If you're still deluding yourself, I think you'd better leave Korea,
- Father, - I want to keep you by my side,
but I can't because I need to protect you,
(Lee Ru Ri)
Excuse me,
Father,
Lee Ru Ri,
You told me you broke up with Tae Yang,
Why do you still contact him?
Make sure this never happens again,
You've gone too far,
Whatever you do, I won't give up on Ru Ri,
Keep that in mind,
Tae Yang, Tae Yang!
Gosh,
Dad, are you all right?
I told you,
She's scary,
This isn't going to work,
I should send Tae Yang to America like Director Park suggested,
Thank you for coming here to help Ru Ri,,,
even though it's your day off,
Mother, you shouldn't say that,
I've never been apart from Ru Ri except for that one time,,,
I was preparing to go to the army,
You should think of me as Ru Ri's twin,
I envy you the most, Myung Rang,
Do you know how thankful it is that you can marry someone,,,
without opposition from your family?
If I could marry a rich man,
I wouldn't need any of that,
Gosh, how can you say that?
No one knows if I'll get married,,,
or just end up being misunderstood by everyone,
That's why I called you,
We were wondering how we could explain the truth to them,
Who's here?
Gosh, Oh, my,
- Hello, Mother, - Hello,
Are you all right?
You must have been upset,
I want to apologize for what my father said,
That's a problem,
but your mother must have a misunderstanding too,
What?
What's this about?
Joo Ae Ri is behind all this,
Oh, my,
Do you like it?
You didn't need to do this, It must be expensive,
It's fine,
You've been a big help to me these days,
If you weren't there,
I would've given up on Tae Yang a long time ago,
By the way, what brings you here today?
Father was shocked today,
Lee Ru Ri said she'd give up on Tae Yang in front of Father,
but he caught her contacting him,
So?
Dad made a final decision in the end,
He's going to send Tae Yang to America to study management,,,
and break up with her,
Is that why you're here?
I need your help,,,
so that Tae Yang could make up his mind and leave,
Okay,
I was actually going to check something with you,
I'm glad that you're here,
Check something?
What do you mean?
Have you seen this picture before?
Who's that person?
Is he someone high in Tae Yang's company?
Who's this?
It looks like Dad when he was young,
Am I right?
Is it your first time seeing that picture?
I'm not sure, I can't remember,
Anyway,
why do you ask?
- My kids told me,,, - No,
Nothing, I was just curious,
Your tea's getting cold, Drink,
Yes, Mother,
I can't find a way,
Joo Ae Ri turned me into a piece of garbage,
I can't meet either your father or mother,
Gosh, That witch, She caused trouble after all,
I'll hide in the parking lot until the chairman comes out,
and when I see him, I'll tell him how terrible she is,
Don't, That'll put you in trouble,
Okay,
Can there be a way?
Even if I do explain,
they won't believe me,
And the same goes for you too,
Right, They already have prejudice,
They won't see the truth,
There's only one way,
I'll settle it by tomorrow,
What are you going to do?
Leave it to me, I have an idea,
Have you seen this picture before?
It's late, What's wrong?
It seems Tae Yang's mother is doubting me,
What are you going to do?
I should go with the last plan,,,
that Mr, Kim told me,
Last plan?
You need to show magic,
so they can trust you,
Tell me what that is,
You shouldn't use it,
It will,,,
hurt your beautiful face,
No, That's too dangerous, You'll get hurt,
Mr, Kim told me,,,
people don't trust,,,
the words,,,
but what they see,
It can't be stopped now,
I need to do everything it takes to get him,
Hat Granny's bad, She's an idiot,
If you hit my dad again,
I'm going to tell Grandpa,
Stupid Granny,
Han Gyul, What did you just say?
I think she drew my mom,
Han Gyul, Were you talking to the picture?
I hate Hat Granny, If she ever bothers my dad again,
I'll teach her a lesson,
Han Gyul, That's bad, Hat Granny's not a bad person,
No, She's bad, She's an idiot,
I think it's because she saw me getting beat by Mother,
I finally realize that it's a war,
Are you sure you feel confident?
Don't worry,
She hit me so much that I've gotten stronger now,
I'm the happiest when I'm with you,
It's something Mom can never give me no matter how much she loves me,
Right,
I'm getting punished,
It's my sin,
There's nothing I can do,
Sung Tan, It's 2018 now,
What's something you want to do this year?
I want to accomplish,,,
everything that you want to do,
- Really? - Really,
Ever since I was young, I always wanted to get married before 30,
I'm 30 this year, I'm going to get married no matter what,
So let's go introduce you to my parents,
What if your parents don't like me?
Don't worry about it,
My parents said they're fine as long as it's a guy,
Except for one thing,
What's that?
My mom suffered so much,,,
that she'll never allow a poor guy who's also the eldest,
So don't be worried,
There aren't many eldest sons in the world,
What's wrong?
Why is your head down suddenly?
Are you the eldest son?
Yes,
Gosh, I thought it was going to be easy,
We should be able to get married without the consent of parents,
We should make it a petition,
What do we do now?
What if your parents oppose?
There's only one way,
Let's get pregnant,
Pregnant?
How can you do this?
No matter what you say,
I'm not going to give up on Ru Ri,
There's no alternative now,
It seems Tae Yang can't make up his mind,
Proceed with sending him to America like you said,
That's the only way to separate him from Lee Ru Ri,
I was actually worried,
Even her father wants to see you,,,
to grab Manager Jung,
How can they be so shameless? They're the ones who caused it,
I'd never see them again,
You go make sure to cut them,
Yes, sir,
It's me,
Today?
How about we go for lunch together?
Sure,
Make a reservation in the main restaurant,
A pleasant guest wants to meet up,
I know you're worried about our children,,,
even though you don't say it,
Please help Ru Ri just this once, Please?
Come on,
Honey, What's going on?
Aren't you going to do something to help Ru Ri with her marriage?
It's suffocating me, Please call me,
(Cheongju Women's Prison)
Inmate 601, Jung Su Mi?
Yes,
She rejected the meeting,
What?
I have to meet her, What should I do?
Come back next time,
Hold on,
Can you give her this letter?
You can drop it on your way out,
What are you doing here?
There's only one reason to be here,
I'm here to meet Han Gyul's mom since this morning,
She must be ashamed to meet us,
I was about to give some money in custody and leave,
What?
It seems you've changed,
You never met anyone you don't like again in the past,
I'm touched that you're trying to,,,
put up with Su Mi whom you don't like,,,
to help Ru Ri,
What else can I do?
I must help her,,,
to marry the man she likes,
Thank you,
Don't be, I still have a long way to settle it,
Hold on,
Lee Shin Mo,
The chairman is not interested in seeing you again,
Don't ever contact us again,
I'll hang up now,
Gosh,
Both the father and the daughter are so stubborn,
It's harder to meet a restaurant chairman than the president,
I have to meet him to explain,
I can help you meet him,
- What? - Come with me,
What do you mean?
How can you meet him?
I have a plan,
Hurry up before it gets too late, Let's go,
I'm sorry, I'm late,
No, My class finished early,
I rushed,
Order something she'd like,
No,
Let's eat after we finish talking,
Yes, ma'am,
How do you feel?
I have aftereffects,
I was excited on the way here,
You asked me out for a date first,
I wanted to talk to you about Tae Yang,
That's giving me enough headache already,
Lee Ru Ri is so stubborn,
I don't know what to do,
You'll find the answer for it today,
What do you mean?
Get out,
How can you be so rude?
Excuse me, I have to tell you something,
Spare me your time please,
What are you doing? He's leaving, Walk him to the door,
Don't,
They're my guests,
It must've been a long way here,
Thank you for giving me the chance,
You,,,
(Man Who Sets the Table)
Yeon Ju and I decided to get back together,
We'll try our best to be happy,
- Please allow us, - No thank you,
No more discussion on their remarriage,
When you see this, you'll realize what Joo Ae Ri has done,
If you still can't believe it after you see it, I won't say anything,
I think there's something going on around Tae Yang,
Since Chairman Kevin's on action, the truth will be revealed soon,
Are you doing this because of Yeon Ju's brother?
It's my sin, Because of me,
you have to raise someone else's child,
I'm being honest, Please trust me, Chairman Kevin,
I have to see evidence to trust you,